Would you like to write
code faster and smarter with
rich code completion and clever
code analysis, find anything in
a solution instantly. What if
you could easily explore and
run tests, work with good
material or TFS seamlessly and
refactor in a few clicks.
All of this and more
is available in jet brains
writer, a.net IDE for windows,
Mac, and Linux. Try it
free for 30 days. Get
writer today@rideride.net. That's writer, ide.net.
. Hi, this is Scott
Hanselman is cancel minutes talking
with Saranya. Berneke about food
land. How are you? I'm
doing well. How are you?
I lovely. So we have
to be with, to be
honest and ethical here. Okay.
We are friends and I
am speaking at code land.
Yes, you are. I am
speaking at code land because
it is a joy and
I don't mean to lie.
I go to a lot
of conferences. I think it
is probably the only conference
that I have like cried
at in a good way.
Positive, sweet, amazing way. That's
my goal is just to
make you cry. Is that
the goal, the whole clause.
That's the whole point Planning
and then Hanselman cries at
the end. That's how you
end the last colon. I
went to, I think it
was two years ago. I
missed last year. I was
scheduling. Didn't work out, I
think with build. And after
the conference I walk out
the door into the hallway
and the conference organizers were
all in a line, applauding
the attendees and then like
the water was, You know,
that wasn't planned by the
way. You're kidding. That was
completely spontaneous. Yeah, the volunteers
is it done on their,
on their own. That's amazing.
Is that a thing now?
Is that a thing? Now
it's a thing. Now we
have to do it. We
have to applaud people as
they exit. Yeah. Why are
you applauding people? What is
the point of code land?
The point of Colana says
celebrate the wonderful world of
code. I feel like so
often when we go to
technical conferences, they are all
about the tools, the rock
stars, the, you know, the
reason why we're all there
is to celebrate the tools.
And I think especially for
our community, we are interested
in the tools and the
context of the solutions. They,
you know, the problems that
they solve, the solutions they
come with. And so we
want to know, how does
code affect health? How does
code affect art? How does
it affect the way that
we move transportation? How does
it affect the real world?
And so for us, coding
is really the tool. It's
the means to an end.
And we want to give
a space to celebrate the
wonderful things you can do
with code. So that's what
COVID is all about. Do
you think it's a squishy
conference? Like there are, there
are people out there, there
are, let's call them naysayers,
but let's just maybe say
that there are the, there
are like the technical conferences
where people with PhDs about
PhD things and there are
feelings conferences, but this doesn't
feel, I mean, we're, we're,
I'm in my feelings at
code land, but there's a
lot of hard technical stuff
here. Is it a squishy
conference? Not really. We do
have at least one or
two talks that are a
little bit more nontechnical. So
for example, this year we're
going to have one called
med to dev me like
medical school to dev my
journey through depression, which is
very much like a very
emotional, they're a very deep
talk. We're going to have
trigger warnings for that talk.
It goes into some pretty
dark places, but that is
probably one of the few
I want to say. Maybe
even the only non technical
talk, everything else is very
much rooted in the technology
and in the, the code
itself. But again, it's the
code in the, you know,
in the pursuit of some
other purpose. So we have
one, for example, that's called
art meets algorithms, talking about
all the beautiful art and
you can create and all
the art you can recreate
using algorithms. We have another
one that I love called
laughter is the most serious
weapon, which is all about
this, this, this joke app,
where it says, you know,
how there's the, the, the
difference in pay between, you
know, people of color and
white people and men and
women. And there's all these
pay disparities, right? This app
allows you to go out
to dinner and split the
bill based on those disparities.
And it is a really
deep, funny way of talking
about something very, very real.
But again, it's rooted in
technology. There's an actual app
that does this. So we
try to combine the nontechnical
stuff, but also rooted in
technology as much as possible.
Hmm. How do you find
people? Are you curating? Are
you or people putting in
CFPs? Are you calling them
or a little, both? It's
a little bit of both.
So this year it's about
half and half, half of
the folks are invited speakers.
I find them, some of
them are friends. Some of
them are people just from
my network. A good number
are folks that I've seen
or met at other events,
other conferences, or the last
one I mentioned, laughter is
the most serious weapon. I
saw her give this talk.
I think it was three
years ago, maybe four years
ago. And I, that talked
to stuck with me. And
I said to myself, if
I ever do a conference,
she has to speak at
it. And so I found
her a hundred down and
now she's going to be
able to give that talk
at, at con at the
conference, but we do have
a, the CFP as well.
So the other half are
folks who I've frankly never
heard of before, but have
some really great things to
say. One of the things
also that is, that is,
is you're becoming known for,
and I've, I've heard this
because I've experienced it, but
I've also heard it from
other speakers is the amount
of prep. A lot of
times I think conferences, they
see a good talk. They
call the person and say,
Hey, come to my kind
of my conference. They send
them a coach airfare ticket
and set them up at
the holiday Inn. And they
don't really talk to that
person again for six months,
that person shows up, does
the talk, the talk is
good or bad or adequate.
And then the person leaves
you spend a, a no
disrespect, an inordinate amount of
time with the speakers. What
are you doing with the
speakers? So we have three,
generally three Meetings. So the
first one is the talk
outline that is to review
the overall structure of the
talk. Make sure it has
some good meat on its
bones, make sure that it's,
you know, well thought out
or the pieces fall together.
There's a nice cohesive story
and nice narrative throughout the
whole thing. That's the first
meeting. The second meeting is
really focusing on the slides.
So how does that talk,
outline, translate to the slides?
Are there, you know, images
or is there a tax
that they're too much? Usually
there's too much text. That's
usually the problem to the
slides, you know, work really
well together. What does the
design look like? And then
the last meeting is the
rehearsal. So putting all that
together, they'll do a run
through of the talk from
top to bottom, and then
I'll give them notes and
feedback on that. So usually
it takes about, I don't
know, maybe a couple hours
per speaker to do all
those meetings, but it's totally
worth it. You know, it's
interesting. When I first decided
that I wanted to do
speaker coaching, I was really
worried that people would think
of it as homework as
an assignment they had to
do. And that they'd be
kind of annoyed that they
had to do this thing,
but they've actually seen it
as a benefit, as a
perk, as a way for
them to really focus on
their talk, to get feedback.
That's the thing, a lot
of speakers, we never get
a chance to know how
to improve. We never get
that honest feedback from folks
to see how we're doing.
And this has ended up
being a really cool way
for them to do that.
Have you had any fancy
speakers? You know, the Scott
Hanson's of the world that
just like, well, I don't
want your feedback. I'm a
professional speaker. I speak all
the time. I'm like, don't
why don't give me feedback.
No, I haven't. People have
been very accommodating. So to
give you an example, Jen
Simmons is a, is a
very big deal. She does
a lot of stuff with
CSS and I was worried
that she gotta look at
me like I've, you know,
I've won awards for speaking.
Like who do you think
you are? But she and
I had a great, great
adventure kind of crafting her
talk and me giving her
feedback. And I think what
prevents the, you know, the,
the Deaconess from coming out
for different speakers is the
fact that at the end
of the day, I know
my audience and they don't.
Right. So even if you
have a really great talk,
even if you have something
that you're sure is going
to work, you don't necessarily
know that it's going to
work for our audience. So
either way, it's valuable to
have my input just to
say, Hey, you know, this
is a newbie audience. Here
are the things that we
care about here are the
things that might be confusing.
And just to make sure
that it fits with our
community. That was a really
good reminder. Like I was
thinking, my first reaction was
like, like, I would be
uncomfortable giving that feedback. Cause
like, who am I like
other than the conference organizer,
which is a big deal.
Like, but it did the
fact that it is your
audience. And I think that's
really important. I always recommend
when I'm teaching, how to
present that people localize their
talks and people have said,
well, you know, you mean
like in foreign languages? I'm
like, well, no, like literally
localized down to the audience
like down, it's not just
shouting out like good morning,
Philadelphia at the beginning of
the call, like really localizing
it. Absolutely. And that's one
thing that I always ask
when I'm the one speaking
is I say, who is
your audience? What are they
like, how technical are they?
What is their background? And
that really helps me modify,
even if I'm giving the
same talk a few times,
it helps me modify what
I'm saying to really make
I'm catering to the right
audience. Yeah. I did a
talk a while back many,
many years ago. And there
was a poster in the,
like a movie poster and
I can't remember what it
was, but it was something
like, you know, stepbrothers or
something with will or, and,
you know, will Ferrell and
another guy or something like
that. And it landed well
in Chicago. So I, I
think I was went elsewhere
or maybe I was in
another country. Like, let's say,
I'm in Poland, I'm just
making this up. And then
I happened to run through
the talk ahead of time
with the conference organizers. And
they were like, Oh, who's
that feral? You know? So
then I'm like, Oh, I'm
going to have to cut
that whole bit. This was
actually 10 or 15 years
ago. And the person said,
well, no, tell me about
them. So I explained the
whole plot of like stepbrothers
or whatever. And they're like,
Oh, so these two funny
guys and they're brothers with,
they're not brothers. And they
said, Oh yeah, like, you
know, all off and Frank
or whatever. I just made
that up. These two Polish
guys. And I was like,
okay, hang on. It's too
funny guys. They're on TV.
They're silly. They hang out
together. And then it turns
out like those are archetypes
they're tropes. Right? So then
they gave me the equivalent
people, the equivalent movie posters.
I think they ended up
being talk show hosts or
something like that. And then
I did the exact same
joke except with those two
people. And that's now many,
many years later become a
best practice for, for, you
know, like I get into
the city. What's the, what's
the feeling of the city.
What's the, what do people
care about here? What's the
political environment. What's the third
rail. What do I not
want to talk about? So
code land is code newbies.
New developers are there senior
people coming are welcome. We
do have a good chunk
of folks who are more
seniors. So we have folks
last time we did the
survey, we had about a
third, a third and another
third, where we had a
third of folks who were
kind of pre bootcamp, trying
to figure out what exactly
they wanted to learn, trying
to figure out what learning
to code even really meant
and saw code land as
a great way to explore
and kind of double down
on their exploring journey. And
then we had another third
of folks who were either
in the middle of bootcamp
or seriously invested in their
education already. Maybe they're looking
for that first developer job.
And then we had another
third of folks who were
a little bit more senior
had at least one or
two years under their belt
or professional development experience, and
just really love the community
and love the idea of
celebrating code. So we get
a good mix of folks.
What conferences are not serving
them though, like I've gone
to conferences, but I've been
lucky that my company sends
me and I've gone to
enough conferences where I actually,
I was at a conference
a couple months ago and
I didn't even know the
price of the conference. You
know what a privilege that
is, right? So I look
and I'm like, Holy crap,
this is a $2,000 conference.
I would never pay $2,000
of my own money unless
there was like, we were
going to the moon. Like
I can't even imagine a
scenario where I would do
that. When did conferences become
two K and how are
you catering to an audience
that can't afford to pay
for a conference? That is
probably the biggest differentiator between
us and technical other technical
conferences is that we are
super affordable tickets. This year
start at nine, nine bucks.
They go up to one
69. They include, you know,
three meals, you get breakfast,
lunch and dinner. We have
an after party that we're
doing where we're going to
serve a full dinner. So
it is one of the
most affordable conferences that you'll
ever go to. That is
also very, very high quality.
As we mentioned, I worked
myself individually with every single
one of our speakers and
we have, you know, tons
of review and the talks
are just very, very thoroughly
picked and vetted. So that
is the biggest thing is
making sure it's financially accessible.
The other thing that we
do to make it financial
accessible is, is scholarships. So
one of the things that
we've learned is that, you
know, the ticket price is
one thing, but even the
ticket price, even at nine,
nine bucks is still too
high for a lot of
folks. So we have an
opportunity to buy a $25
ticket if you qualify for
the sponsorship for the scholarship.
And then we also have
the opportunity to get your
travel funding. So for a
lot of folks, it's not
actually the ticket price that
is cost prohibitive. It is
the hotel, the flight, the
bus ticket, the train ticket.
So we have a fund
that allows us to both
give discounted tickets, but then
also provide travel. Hmm. So
that gets to the concept
of inclusion. Cause this is
the whole point of this
podcast. And the whole point
of, of code land is
how do you build an,
you know, a conference that
includes everyone and it's so
easy to forget. Well, my
company is paying for the
hotel or, or a bus
ticket. I mean, 50 bucks
who doesn't have 50 bucks.
Well, lots of people. Yeah.
That was the thing. When
I was reviewing the opportunity
scholarship applications, it was heartbreaking,
frankly, reading a lot of
stories of folks who said,
you know, I have, I
have, you know, barely anything
in my account. I have
maybe a hundred dollars left
in my account this month.
I'm trying to make ends
meet I'm, you know, dealing
with a, you know, very
serious or very serious health
issue that, you know, prohibits
me from working as much
as I want to. I
mean, just hearing all the
stories of folks who are
in tough situations, who still
want to make the most
of their career, who still
want to move forward in
this industry and still want
to make something, you know,
really wants to challenge themselves
and do something with their,
with their work. It's really
inspiring. And you know, it's
really incredible to read all
the stories. Your code is
powerful. And so are you.
And when you consider the
reach of your code, it's
clear that to deliver quality
code, you must also deliver
secure code. So where can
you start? A first step
is educating yourself on basic
secure coding principles and beginning
to put these principles into
practice every day. Vera code
secure coding toolkit is your
go to resource for all
your secure coding needs. The
benefits of the toolkit include
learning best practices for secure
coding, understanding how to secure
your dev ops environments and
learning to the most common
software vulnerabilities, stay secure and
download this valuable asset today
at vericode.com/toolkit. That's V R
a code.com/toolkit. When, when putting
together an inclusive conference or
using these words inclusive, let's
talk about the naysayers, right?
Someone might say, well, inclusion
is, is coded language for,
you know, not old white
folks or not old men
or not this or not
that, but when I was
at code land, it really
just felt like you just
meant everyone. When you said
inclusion, you're just like, let's
think about who's being excluded
and what can we do
to make their lives better?
Yeah, absolutely. That's exactly it.
Like we, we love old
white men. We love everyone.
We really are trying to
make sure that everyone feels
like they have a seat
at the table that they
have a seat, you know,
waiting for them. And I
think that when it comes
to inclusion, we are all
about making sure every part
of our conference feels inclusive.
So that might mean, you
know, making sure we have
a, you know, different food
preferences cover, and making sure
that we ask about food
preferences this year. We're very
excited to announce that we
have a childcare. We have
onsite childcare, complimentary onsite childcare.
That's available for parents. They
can bring their kids. We
have, even if you look
at our speaker lineup, it's
incredibly inclusive. We have people
from different parts of the
world that are coming to
speak different backgrounds. And so
it is showcasing that idea
of inclusion throughout every single
part of the conference. It's
not just marketing to different
groups. It's not just partnering
with specific organizations it's showing
and, you know, almost proving
the people that you really
mean what you say. And
that shows just by looking
at the conference website, I
noticed also that, and, and
the thing is great about
inclusion and code land is
that it's on every access,
like it's age it's from
other countries. I also noticed
you've got speakers like Jen
Simmons that are spoke professionally
and like legendary speakers. And
you've also got speakers that
maybe their first or second
time speaking. Yeah, absolutely. How
do you take a risk
on someone? How do you
pick someone who's maybe only
given a talk or two
at a user group and
then put them on stage?
Yeah. So I think there's
two things. One, that's why
the speaker, the speaker coaching
really is, is necessary. And
it's important because we want
to make sure that the
folks who haven't had a
lot of chance to practice
still feel prepared, that they're
still ready and still, you
know, and feel frankly for
themselves, feel very comfortable on
that stage. So that speaker
coaching opportunity is a way
to kind of bring folks
up and have them almost
like compete, you know, at
that level. But the second
part of it is that's
why it's not entirely CFP.
So my logic, my reasoning
for having half CFP, half
invited is that even if
the CFP folks are maybe
a little bit, you know,
a little bit new and
maybe aren't as comfortable as
they'd like to be, we
definitely have the invited speakers
who I know are going
to crush it. And I
know are, I feel very
confident they can do a
really great job on stage.
So we balance it out
by having a mix of
CFP and invited speakers. Was
it hard to nail this
down to what do you
have? 12 talks plus workshops?
It was really, really hard,
especially the workshops are really,
really tough. We had some
really good ideas, some really
amazing folks who applied and
it was tough. Cause we,
especially this year, we're doing
a one day conference. And
so there just aren't that
many slots there isn't that
much time. And even our
talks are pretty quick. Like
our talks are only 15
minutes, which is very short
for a conference. Usually conference
talks are at least 20
to 40 minutes. So even
with that, you know, that
limited time it's, it was
really tough to cut it
down to the folks that
we have. Wow. That's challenging.
One of the things I
noticed that I've never seen
at a conference before is
you call out the exhibit
hall, like visit our sponsors,
go to the exhibits as
its own thing. Like you
didn't make it a side
effect like, Oh yeah. And
then in your copious spare
time stuff, it's literally like
there's all the workshops and
the talks and multiple tracks.
And then you've called out
about, you know, 45 minutes
almost as if exhibit hall
is its own talk. Yeah,
absolutely. Yeah. Our sponsors are
incredibly important. I mean, literally
if you look at the
finances, the ticket costs do
not cover the cost of
conference. The ticket prices don't
even like not even at
all. And that's very intentional
because we want to make
sure the tickets are very
affordable and very accessible for
folks. But what that means
is that we are relying
very, very heavily on sponsors
to make sure that we
can have a conference and
we can make that sustainable.
So our sponsors are super
important to us, but the
other thing is our sponsors
are genuinely excited to be
there. They're excited to meet
folks. They want an opportunity
to show what they're offering,
whether that's a product, whether
that's a job, a lot
of folks come to recruit,
you know, their, their first
developers, junior developers, that sort
of thing. And they're really
excited. We have bootcamps who
are onsite, who want to
share the resources that they
have available. So the sponsors
are like, they're good people,
you know, they're good companies
or folks who want to
help. We want to be
part of this community. So
it makes total sense to
give them an opportunity to
do so. Hmm. I am
really looking forward to this.
I've I'm worried a little
bit that we're going to
end up turning this into
a big, long half an
hour advertisement for code land,
but I don't feel too
bad about that. I go
to so many conferences. I'm
very lucky that part of
my job is going to
attend conferences and stuff to
find one where I'm actually
spending time listening to talks
and not just hanging out
in the hallway is also
like really significant there's. So
they're so curated the order
of them. It's almost as
if the day has a
story arc that you're trying
to tell us. Yep. Yeah.
You nailed it. Did you
plan that you like, Are
you sitting there like with
a, I imagine that somewhere
in surrounds apartment is like
posted notes. Like, you know,
then this one goes and
that one goes and how
do people feel after they've
exited this one and what
do we do to freshen
them, freshen them up after
this? You know, like you
said, there was an intense
talk, you nailed it really.
Oh, wow. Yeah. You know
that, Not so much sticky
notes, we have a spreadsheet,
but yeah, that's exactly it.
We started with, you know,
what is a good warmup
top? What's a good talk
to kind of put you
in a good mood to
get you excited to get
you, you know, in the
right head space to be
open and accepting of other
ideas. And so we're kicking
it off with the laughter
is the most serious weapon
talk that I talked about
earlier. And then we go
into, okay, now how do
we really go into something
a little bit more serious,
a little bit more, you
know, really showing off the
technology and getting in the
weeds about the technical stuff
to kind of prime you
to accept even more the,
the technical, the technically challenging
talks that we do have.
And for that, we have
a talk called drone aide
by Petro Cruz, who talks
about how we created this
drone. That's able to spot
people who are in unfortunate
situations during a natural disaster.
So it's basically like a
rescue mission, but with drones.
And so that's a great
like talk that makes you
go, Holy crap, you can
do that with technology. There's
a single person who created
this whole app, this whole
system for rescuing people, you
know, it really helps really
drive home the power of
technology and makes you even
more excited to hear about
the other talks and the
other ideas that you're going
to be presented with. And
so from there we move
into, okay, now that we
have a chunk of talks,
what's the right balance, right?
One of the things that
I've noticed in going to
conferences myself is frankly, they
can be exhausting. You know,
it can be really tough
to kind of sit through
three hardcore technical talks back
to back. So at, during
the talk section, the idea
is to go back and
forth. What is something a
little bit more serious? What's
the thing a little bit
lighter. What's something more personal.
What's something that is more
technical. So we try to
have a nice blend of
that so that you never
feel fatigued. It's not too
much cognitive overload for you.
And then the ending of
course, is you. You're a
closing speaker. You're going to
give an amazing, amazing, very
personal talk that I think
will really help close and
solidify all the different lessons
and the different parts of
the conference. It gets them
really excited about. Wow, now
that I've experienced all these
different stories, I'm going to
go home and I'm going
to do something about it.
And I think your talk
is going to be the
great, the best way to
end. I appreciate that. I'm
trying to think of it
as a, as a lock
note, right? The keynote opens
it and the lock note
closes it. Yeah. And I
hope I get it right.
Cause we haven't had our,
our meeting yet for us
to talk about how, how
it will land. But my
goal is I'm imagining a
bunch of newbies, a bunch
of people who are finding
their power, they're finding their
power through code. And we're
going to have talks on
software. We're gonna have talks
on hardware. You've got talks
on art and the intersection
of hardware and software. And
I want to talk about
my community of diabetics that
are DIY diabetes people. And
I want people to go,
Oh my goodness. I had
no idea that I could
do that with Python and
node and go. And all
of these languages that I'm
using to put databases on,
into, you know, into HTML.
This is running in, in
someone's pocket and literally changing
their life. And I hope
that they leave empowered. Exactly.
Yeah. When we talk about
what we want to accomplish
with the conference, we want
people to be, to feel
empowered for short. We want
people to feel activated. We
want them to think now
the conference is over. I
can't wait to get back
to my computer. I can't
wait to get back home
so I can take all
these lessons and these ideas
and really implement them. So
that's one of the biggest
goals of the conference and
I'm very sure you're talking
at all. Yeah. That, that
feeling of like, I need,
like, you want to stay
at the conference, but at
the same time, you also
want to run away because
you could go, I can,
I can go and do
something with this right now.
Yup. Exactly. Want to rush
back to your desk and
figure out how I can
implement this? Yup, absolutely. How
do I not overwhelm them
though? Like, I feel like
it's, there's so much when
you're like you've built the
entire code newbies community. You
have multiple podcasts. You talk
about building communities, make sure
by the way to check
out code newbie.org and the
base CS podcast, the code
newbie podcasts. But when someone's
getting started and I'm struggling
with this with my sons,
I struggle with this. When
I teach a software, how
do I not crush them
with the overwhelming stuff that
they can do? Like there's
so much that you can
learn. Like what's the balance
between power and just overwhelmed.
I think the key is
to root everything in a
story and in a problem.
So for your, your diabetes
doctor, you're going to do,
it comes from a personal
problem that you had, right.
It comes from your story
and it was you building
a solution for yourself. And
so I think with learning
how to code, it's important
to remember, why am I
learning? What is the solution
that I'm going for? What's
the problem that I'm trying
to solve? And I think
the more we can remember
that and we can tie
it back to that, less
overwhelming. It feels there's this
really great study that talks
about the difference between people
who finish a computer science
degree and people who start
one and don't finish one.
And the study found that
the biggest difference is that
the people who finish the
degree have a higher tolerance
for basically confusion for things,
not really making sense. And
they have the ability to
kind of stomach that and
push through regardless. And so
for me, I am not
good at stomaching that if
things don't make sense, I
get very, very irritated and
very frustrated and I frankly
wouldn't run away. And so
for me, remembering that story,
remembering the, the reason why
I'm doing this and I
don't mean like to make
more money. What I mean
is if I'm learning in
your example, if I'm doing
the diabetes, DIY you know,
solution because I'm suffering from
this and I need a
solution for myself, that is
a really great motivator that
allows me to push forward
and to be inspired and
is able to give me
the strength to keep going,
even when I want to
quit. Hmm. You know, I
think that's a really good
point. I think we do
forget the why we stare
at the code. We stare
at the syntax error last
night, I was up at
2:00 AM trying to fix a
bug. And I ended up
just saying, literally, there's nothing
more I can do then
sleep. You know what I
mean? Like it was one
of those things where I
think I was probably operating
at 20% optimal. So I
could have stayed up from
2:00 AM to 7:00 AM and hurt
myself and solve the bug.
But I just went to
bed. I just said, forget
it. I went to bed
and I'll probably solve it
in an hour when I
get off the phone with
you. But it was the
remembering, why am I doing
this in the first place?
What is the point of
the thing that we're building
that was so important? Yes,
exactly. That context is everything.
Yeah. So people can sign
up at code, land, cough.com.
I think that this, this
podcast is going to come
out on the 6th of June. What
will the prices be? And
other early bird pricing and
the price is going to
go up. Yeah. So right
now we are in our
regular tickets session, I guess,
ticket registration. So tickets are
from nine, nine bucks to
one 69. And then on
June 23rd, they're going to jump
up. They're going to increase.
And so, yeah, if you
were interested in going to
the conference, I highly suggest
you get a ticket before
then. And I hope to
see you there. What is
the pay it forward ticket?
I'm so glad you asked.
So pay it forward is
something I'm super excited about.
It is an opportunity for
folks to pay it forward
for folks who may not
be going to the conference
themselves, or maybe have a,
you know, scheduling conflict, maybe
aren't able to attend, but
who want to give back
and who wants to participate
in, in the community and
in the conference. And so
it allows them to pay,
to pay for someone else
who won't otherwise be able
to afford the conference. So
basically it's a, it's a
ticket donation to our opportunity
scholarship and I'm super excited,
actually change log media group.
They, they bought like five
tickets. And so they're sponsoring
five different folks to go
to the conference. We've had
some really good stories of
individuals who've bought. I think
one person bought like 10
tickets just as a, just
as a person of anonymously
donated 10 tickets. And so
it's a really great way
for folks to give back
and to support the community
and to make the conference
even more accessible. And I
assume that you would welcome
people to do that. Like
last, last year, I think
you did 50 or 55
pay it forward tickets. Certainly
if someone wanted to become
kind of a neuro sets,
defacto sponsor of code and
they could go and buy
10 tickets and then tweet
about it. Absolutely. And we'll
put your name on the
website and we'll give you
a nice shout out from
the stage and say, thank
you so much for helping
us make the conference even
more inclusive. Fantastic. Well, thanks
so much for chatting with
me. Thanks so much for
having me on this is
great. Folks can check out
COVID land carf.com. If you're
listening to this before July 22nd,
which is when code land
is to New York, it's powered
by GitHub and produced by
code newbie. And if you're
listening to this after 2019,
I hope that you go
and check out COVID land
20, 40, whatever year in
the future. You're listening to
this and then also check
out code newbie. It's just
one of the best, most
inclusive communities out there. I
am not a code newbie,
but I hang out with
code newbies. They're just enthusiastic
fun people. There's a Twitter
chat every Wednesday. You are
just a wonderful, and I
appreciate you so much, right?
Thank you so much. I
appreciate all that. And I
appreciate you hanging out with
us. It means a lot
to have people like you
in our community, supporting and
mentoring. So thank you so
much. Certainly my pleasure. This
has been another episode of
Hanselminutes and we'll see you
again next week.